---
title: 'Another fun day'
date: 2020-12-27
permalink: /posts/2020/12/27
tags:
---

Today is a very special day, it marks the first day which this blog will be hosted on owenboffey.com! First and foremost I woke up and had to do paper round :(. I earned a hefty £4.50 before returning home to go on a dog walk and then join discord and see the legendary Joe Collyer and Jenny Payling. At first, I was EXTREMELY sad because Jennyp was not on discord and I had to wait until ONE PM, that was very sad and I missed her presence dearly! Joe on the other hand was not missed. After this, I wanted to play some minecraft with my friends but then realised that revision is MUCH more fun!. I ended up joining hypixel and playing bedwars with Wumflord, Moggiedoggie and twitchnotDELUXE_?, Issariya111 sacrificed her spot for me to play and then I had to leave half way through the game (so mean of me!) I spent the rest of the afternoon playign bedwars, death run, block party and the fountain! (We do love the fountain!) 0-0 yesss we do!!! I had to listen to a bunch of raging 15 yr olds scream over losing death run and that hurt my ears. Next, I spent time writing this blog (not my friends! me! - not true) and then we went back to playing minecraft because Jenny insisted!!! Oh yeah, I revised!. I feel accomplished. It made me feel just so ecstatic when the amazing Joe and Jenny crowdfunded to pay for this amazing domain name (I did pay for over half of it OK - they split the extra 18p that I provided.) (a 9p refund for both Jenny and Joe!) Ok, fr, blog done.
